https://www.reddit.com/r/lgbt/comments/1pbgxv5/trans_instructor_ousted_from_college_after/
https://www.reddit.com/r/lgbt/comments/1pbgxv5/trans_instructor_ousted_from_college_after/nrtmzp8/


Please note that I am not deducting points because you have certain beliefs, but instead I am deducting point for you posting a reaction paper that does not answer the questions for this assignment, contradicts itself, heavily uses personal ideology over empirical evidence in a scientific class, and is at times offensive. While you are entitled to your own personal beliefs, there is an appropriate time or place to implement them in your reflections. I encourage all students to question or challenge the course material with other empirical findings or testable hypotheses, but using your own personal beliefs to argue against the findings of not only this article, but the findings of countless articles across psychology, biology, sociology, etc. is not best practice. You argue that abiding by normative gender roles is beneficial (it is perfectly fine to believe this, but to then say that everyone should act the same, while also saying that people aren't pressured into gendered expectations is contradictory, especially since your arguments reflect a religious pressure to act in gender- stereotypical ways. You can say that strict gender norms don't create gender stereotypes, but that isn't true by definition of what a stereotype is. Please note that acknowledging gender stereotypes does not immediately denote a negative connotation, a nuance this article discusses. Additionally, to call an entire group of people "demonic" is highly offensive, especially a minoritized population. You are entitled to your own beliefs, but this isn't a vague narrative of "society pushes lies," but instead the result of countless years developing psychological and scientific evidence for these claims and directly interacting with the communities involved. You may personally disagree with this, but that doesn't change the fact that every major psychological, medical, pediatric, and psychiatric association in the United States acknowledges that, biologically and psychologically, sex and gender is neither binary nor fixed. limplore you apply some more perspective and empathy in your work. If you personally disagree with the findings, then by all means share your criticisms, but make sure to do so in a way that is appropriate and using the methodology of empirical psychology, as aligned with the learning goals in this class. If you have any additional questions or concerns about this or would like some additional educational resources, I would be happy to discuss this further and provide you with them.

Samantha, I am the other instructor for this course, and I have also taken the time to read your paper. I concur with [redacted] on the grade you received. This paper should not be considered as a completion of the assignment. Everyone has different ways in which they see the world, but in an academic course such as this you are being asked to support your ideas with empirical evidence and higher-level reasoning. I find it concerning that you state at the beginning of your paper that you do not think bullying ("teasing") is a bad thing. In addition, your paper directly and harshly criticizes your peers and their opinions, which are just as valuable as yours. Disagreeing with others is fine, but there is a respectful way to go about it. That goes for discussion posts as well as reaction papers. Please employ more thoughtfulness in your future assignments.

OU student says essay grade was a violation of her rights. Read the essay
https://www.oklahoman.com/story/news/education/2025/11/25/ou-oklahoma-samantha-fulnecky-read-essay-gender-bible/87463858007/?gnt-cfr=1&gca-cat=p&gca-uir=true&gca-epti=z115040p002250n11----c11----d00----v115040b0045xxd004565&gca-ft=160&gca-ds=sophi
https://archive.is/L5AOn
essay: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qxnVi_yaJ-Fb9u1-A1Vy2vQT3Aiw8Nix/preview

Page
/
2
Page 1 of 2

This article was very thought provoking and caused me to thoroughly evaluate the idea of gender

and the role it plays in our society. The article discussed peers using teasing as a way to enforce

gender norms. I do not necessarily see this as a problem. God made male and female and made

us differently from each other on purpose and for a purpose. God is very intentional with what

He makes, and I believe trying to change that would only do more harm. Gender roles and

tendencies should not be considered “stereotypes”. Women naturally want to do womanly things

because God created us with those womanly desires in our hearts. The same goes for men. God

created men in the image of His courage and strength, and He created women in the image of His

beauty. He intentionally created women differently than men and we should live our lives with

that in mind.

It is frustrating to me when I read articles like this and discussion posts from my classmates of so

many people trying to conform to the same mundane opinion, so they do not step on people’s

toes. I think that is a cowardly and insincere way to live. It is important to use the freedom of

speech we have been given in this country, and I personally believe that eliminating gender in

our society would be detrimental, as it pulls us farther from God’s original plan for humans. It is

perfectly normal for kids to follow gender “stereotypes” because that is how God made us. The

reason so many girls want to feel womanly and care for others in a motherly way is not because

they feel pressured to fit into social norms. It is because God created and chose them to reflect

His beauty and His compassion in that way. In Genesis, God says that it is not good for man to

be alone, so He created a helper for man (which is a woman). Many people assume the word

“helper” in this context to be condescending and offensive to women. However, the original

word in Hebrew is “ezer kenegdo” and that directly translates to “helper equal to”. Additionally,

God describes Himself in the Bible using “ezer kenegdo”, or “helper”, and He describes His
Page 1 of 2
Page 2 of 2

Holy Spirit as our Helper as well. This shows the importance God places on the role of the helper

(women’s roles). God does not view women as less significant than men. He created us with

such intentionally and care and He made women in his image of being a helper, and in the image

of His beauty. If leaning into that role means I am “following gender stereotypes” then I am

happy to be following a stereotype that aligns with the gifts and abilities God gave me as a

woman.

I do not think men and women are pressured to be more masculine or feminine. I strongly

disagree with the idea from the article that encouraging acceptance of diverse gender expressions

could improve students’ confidence. Society pushing the lie that there are multiple genders and

everyone should be whatever they want to be is demonic and severely harms American youth. I

do not want kids to be teased or bullied in school. However, pushing the lie that everyone has

their own truth and everyone can do whatever they want and be whoever they want is not biblical

whatsoever. The Bible says that our lives are not our own but that our lives and bodies belong to

the Lord for His glory. I live my life based on this truth and firmly believe that there would be

less gender issues and insecurities in children if they were raised knowing that they do not

belong to themselves, but they belong to the Lord.

Overall, reading articles such as this one encourage me to one day raise my children knowing

that they have a Heavenly Father who loves them and cherishes them deeply and that having

their identity firmly rooted in who He is will give them the satisfaction and acceptance that the

world can never provide for them. My prayer for the world and specifically for American society

and youth is that they would not believe the lies being spread from Satan that make them believe

they are better off as another gender than what God made them. I pray that they feel God’s love

and acceptance as who He originally created them to be.
Page 2 of 2
Page 1 of 2

statement from ou
https://x.com/uofoklahoma/status/1995186884704690262
“The University of Oklahoma takes seriously concerns involving First Amendment rights, certainly including religious freedoms. Upon receiving notice from the student on the grading of an assignment, the University immediately began a full review of the situation and has acted swiftly to address the matter,” 

governor says some shit
https://x.com/GovStitt/status/1995209374193852595
The 1st Amendment is foundational to our freedom & inseparable from a well rounded education. The situation at OU is deeply concerning. I’m calling on the OU regents to review the results of the investigation & ensure other students aren’t unfairly penalized for their beliefs.


Lesson 3.3: Reaction Paper: Gender Typicality, Peer Relations, and Mental Health
Due Nov 9 by 11:59pm Points 25
Submitting a file upload
Available Aug 25 at 12am - Nov 9 at 11:59pm
This assignment was locked Nov 9 at 11:59pm.
You must write a 650 words (body of text), double-spaced reaction paper demonstrating that you read the assigned article, and includes a thoughtful reaction to the material presented in the article. Points will be deducted when papers are deficient in any of these areas. I will deduct 10 points if your paper is between 620 and 649 words, and I will not give credit for papers under 620 words. Papers not turned in by the deadline will not receive credit.
Please remember that your reaction paper should not be a summary, but rather a thoughtful discussion of some aspect of the article. Possible approaches to reaction papers include:
1. A discussion of why you feel the topic is important and worthy of study (or not)
2. An application of the study or results to your own experiences
3. An application of the study or results to observations about other behaviors
4. Linking the objectives or findings from the assigned article to other domains of development or other findings that we read about or discuss in class
5. A suggestion for further studies or experiments that might help researchers better understand the topic being studied
6. Alternate interpretations of the researchers' findings
7. A discussion of how development in this domain might proceed differently at other developmental stages
8. Your own thoughts about how development proceeds in the domain being researched in the article
There are other possibilities as well. The best reaction papers illustrate that students have read the assigned materials and engaged in critical thinking about some aspect of the article.
Formatting requirements: 12-point Times New Roman or Calibri font, one-inch margins on all sides.
GRADING: Reaction papers are graded on a 25-point scale, and are evaluated based on the following:
1. Does the paper show a clear tie-in to the assigned article? (10 points)
2. Does the paper present a thoughtful reaction or response to the article, rather than a summary? (10 points)
3. Is the paper clearly written? (5 points)
ARTICLE LINK: Gender Typicality, Peer Relations, and Mental Health t,
Reaction Papers
Criteria
Ratings
Pts
Clear tie to Article
Is there a clear link back to the assigned article? Can the reader assess whether the student has read the assigned article?
10 pts
Reaction Content
summary?
Does the paper provide a reaction/reflection/discussion of some aspect of the article, rather than a
10 pts
Clarity of Writing
Are the main ideas and thoughts organized into a coherent discussion? Is the writing clear enough to follow without multiple re-readings?
5 pts
Total Points: 25


the actual article: https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2014-01570-008
Relations Among Gender Typicality, Peer Relations, and Mental Health During Early Adolescence